docs: explain and note service inputs (#12870)
influxdata/telegraf: docs/includes/service_input.md

This plugin is a service input. Normal plugins gather metrics determined by the
interval setting. Service plugins start a service to listens and waits for
metrics or events to occur. Service plugins have two key differences from
normal plugins:

> 1. The agent or plug-in specific interval setting may not apply

Reviewer: Make the naming more consistent with "Global configuration options" section.
```suggestion
1. The global or plugin specific `interval` setting may not apply
```

Author: thx applied
